DocuCanvas
====================

### or How I Learned to Use Canvas and Make Wireframes Fun!
### aka Burlap to Canvas

Creating documentation and wireframes for things can be tedious, and hard, and plain not fun. To remedy the situation there's DocuCanvas!

Main Features:
* Add comment/notes/descriptions/etc over an image
* Break up section of a project to show what things should look like
* Simulate wire framing techniques via web portal
* Take advantage of HTM5 Canvas elements for all of it
* Draw circles with numbers that correspond on the right

Various Notes:
* Dynamic sizing based on device/screen
* Text is normally listed to the first X characters on the first line; hovering expands that
* On hover over the number the list item is highlighted; and a hover box is loaded showing that text

Planned features:
* Upload of multiple images
* Compositing via pallets
* Automated creation of multi layered PNGs
* PDF Export
* Organization support

Basically instead of a bunch of disperate documents, text files, Photoshop files, mind maps, and a million other things that get lost and hard to document a team could consolidate, create, and consume their project documentation in the same spot.


### Tech Specs

Backend:
* Django (Python)

Database:
* Deployment: PostgreSQL
* Development: sqlite3

HTML5:
* Canvas
* JavaScript


License
-------

This applies to all files not in the "tools" folder or auto-generated by Django.

Copyright (C) 2013, Tyler Agee

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>

See also the file: LICENSE